.guides/content/Auto-Graded-Assessments-41d2.md, before:

----------

## Auto-Graded Assessments
Here are some quick examples of the different types of auto-graded assessments available through Codio. For a more detailed set of examples, take a look at the `Demo Guides and Assessments` Starter Pack. To add an assessment, from the library or one you created yourself, click the chess piece icon at the top.

![Assessments](.guides/img/assessments.png)

### Learning Insights
Auto-graded assessments are linked to Codio's [Learning Insights](https://www.codio.com/blog/codio-advanced-student-learning-insights) dashboard. The dashboard gives you and your students valuable feedback on performance.


### Multiple Choice
The default multiple choice question only has two answers. You can add as many as you would like, and you can have multiple correct answers.

{Check It!|assessment}(multiple-choice-3807584795)

### Fill in the Blank
You can write whatever you like (sentences, code examples, etc.) for fill in the blank questions. Surround the "blanks" with `<<<` and `>>>`. You can tell Codio to show the students the possible answers. Each blank will have a drop down menu with all of the choices. You can also use [regular expressions](https://docs.codio.com/courses/assessments/#regular-expression-support) to parse student answers for a more granular evaluation.

{Check It!|assessment}(fill-in-the-blanks-388341163)

Commit message:

small changes based on feedback

.guides/content/Auto-Graded-Assessments-41d2.md, after:

----------

## Auto-Graded Assessments
Here are some quick examples of the different types of auto- graded assessments available through Codio. For a more detailed set of examples, take a look at the `Demo Guides and Assessments` Starter Pack. Some of the features mentioned in this Starter Pack are not currently available for block based languages. To create an assessment, click the chess piece icon at the top.

![Assessments](.guides/img/assessments.png)

### Learning Insights
Auto-graded assessments are linked to Codio's [Learning Insights](https://www.codio.com/blog/codio-advanced-student-learning-insights) dashboard. The dashboard gives you and your students valuable feedback on performance.


### Multiple Choice
The default multiple choice question only has two answers. You can add as many as you would like, and you can have multiple correct answers.

The example below was created by using images for the choices. Here is how it was set up:
![.guides/img/create-mcq](.guides/img/create-mcq.png)


{Check It!|assessment}(multiple-choice-3807584795)

### Fill in the Blank
You can write whatever you like (sentences, code examples, etc.) for fill in the blank questions. Surround the "blanks" with `<<<` and `>>>`. You can tell Codio to show the students the possible answers. Each blank will have a drop down menu with all of the choices. You can also use [regular expressions](https://docs.codio.com/courses/assessments/#regular-expression-support) to parse student answers for a more granular evaluation.

{Check It!|assessment}(fill-in-the-blanks-388341163)
